Hey film club!
Voted on for the next movie to watch, it is Inglourious Basterds by Quentin Tarintino (another Brad Pitt movie yay)! I will probably have a movie showing this Sunday or Saturday night, and will let you know details for where we are meeting later this week. Hoping for this discussion/movie to be a good one.
Alexis SooHoo
Hey everyone! I’ll be doing a zoom showing of the movie tonight at 8. I’ll send a link later on. Let me know if you can make it!
Hey film club!
After a long hiatus, we are back and ready for another movie! This week's movie will be Fight Club dir. David Fincher. I've always wanted to watch this film, and have held back so I could watch it with the club. I'll probably hold a zoom showing towards the end of the week for this as well
Sorry to keep everyone waiting. Hope everyone can make it to this discussion.
 
Thanks,

Hey Film Club!
So for this week there isn't going to be a poll but the next movie there will be. We will be watching Jojo Rabbit for the next movie discussion. It was between either this or The Grand Budapest Hotel but I decided on Jojo Rabbit as not as many people have seen it and there possibly can be more discussion over this movie.  The discussion is MONDAY 11/22 in room 243. I'm also going to be holding a movie showing over zoom on Saturday 11/20 at 8:00pm. Anyways here are some details about Jojo Rabbit.
 
Hope you can make it to the movie showing and discussion! This is the first zoom movie showing we'll have so I would like everyone's input after they attend to see if we can continue zoom virtual meetings or not. And we are looking at Friday, December 17 to be our in person movie watching but nothing is set in stone yet. 
 
Have fun watching,
 
Hey everyone,
Hope you watched Inception for our first film discussion tomorrow!!!!! It will be in the library again for the first half of lunch (11:48). If the discussion is flowing then we'll see if it should continue into the second half. Also at this meeting we'll discuss what movie we should watch next week and possibly have a zoom watch party for anyone wanting to watch with company. Anyways, hope you all can make it for our first discussion! 
 
Tuesday's meeting was a great success with a lot of people bringing interesting ideas about Inception. A lot of people really enjoyed the special effects in the movie such as the centrifuge and the scene where the buildings go on top of each other. From the debate of if it was a dream or not a dream, what your totem would be, to if the casting could've been better, it was a successful discussion especially for all that watched the movie. Anyways, here are some points made in Tuesday's discussion! There is no meeting this week, but just to watch the movie. I'll see if I can hold a zoom watch party later in the week. If I can, I will let everyone know. 
 
I saw that you filled out the form for the film club and wanted to know more, so I wanted to reach out to you if you had any questions. So far how the club is organized is that there will be a new movie watched every two weeks. The first week everyone will watch a movie through a link to watch it on by yourself, or depending on how everyone else feels we can also watch it together in the school auditorium. Anyways, we watch a movie the first week and the second week we have a discussion. Discussion meeting days will be decided on which days most people can make it and movies are also decided either by me and the club advisor, Mr. Casamento, or by popular vote of the members of the club! This is also a low commitment club since I participate in cross country and track so won't have enough time for a heavy commitment club. Anyways, that’s the layout of the club as of now, can’t wait to see the movie ideas people have. Again, let me know if you have any questions and hope to see you soon!
 
Thanks so much for joining Pascack Hills Film Club; I’m so excited to see what movie ideas everyone comes up with. There’s going to be the first club meeting on Tuesday 9/28 at 11:02 (aiming for the first half of lunch) in the media center/library. We’ll talk about when the meetings are, how the club works, and more! I'll send out another email later on in the week to remind you and probably the day of. Please email me if you can’t make it or have any questions, and I’ll try and keep it short as I know everybody has plans and places to be. Also if you know anyone who still wants to join or is on the fence about it, tell them to come to the meeting. See you soon! 
 
Thanks so much,
 

C was the correct answer but I initially put E thinking that the metaphor of “endangered hatchlings” and the author’s use of like to be positive, telling people to accept it. However, C was correct because the overuse of like especially with serious topics show how it “threatens to eliminate more sophisticated language’ 


At first I thought that “them” referred to B, “the gaps” in the stone wall because the narrator went to go after the gaps in the wall and fix them, but after I realized the work of hunters also added on to the damage of the wall. The correct answer choice was D because the “hunters” were what the narrator came after and “them” came right after the “hunters” meaning they were the subject of the sentence. 


At first I thought that the simile meant E, “opposing sides in a controversy”, but it actually stood for C, “distinct perspectives of the world”. This answer can be seen “in each hand” as that represents two different perspectives of the neighbors. 


At first I put E for this question because although Ignatius does seem like he thinks that he’s superior to the average person and his mother, it is only inferred later on in the passage and not in paragraph 1. The correct answer is  C as the narrator presents Ignatius as strange and it can be seen in what the character wears and how he compares his clothing to pedestrians first, showing his priorities. 


The correct answer would be B rather than C because it doesn’t say anywhere in the passage that he’s had an “extensive education”. It would be B because Ignatius is pretentious because he was using concepts that don’t apply to clothing and everyday life to show how his clothes are more rational than others. 


The correct answer is A because Ignatius thinks that he is normal and everyone else is not smart and rational like him, this can be seen in the way he dresses. The narrator chooses to highlight that by describing him showing his unusual style. The answer would not be B because there are no “reactions of the people in the crowd around him”. The only events that are happening is Ignatius observing the crowd and the narrator describing what he looks like. 


I originally chose answer choice D which was, “They each believe their own version of the past is the only correct one.” However, after careful thought I saw why the actual answer was choice A, “They don’t want to disrupt a particular mood”. The evidence for this is how the family members decide to reminisce and not change the subject even after a while. This shows the nostalgic mood wanting to stay the same as each member continues to bring up stories and names of people they once knew. 


My reasoning behind choice E, “a town characterized by architectural originality,” was because I assumed a town with much architectural diversity meant originality but that was based on assumption rather than using context clues. The answer was D, “a pretentious suburban neighborhood,” as the word choice for “a buffet of overdone tributes” came before the description of homes show the abundance of the impressive architecture of the neighborhood. Also later on the narrator continues to include the mansions surrounding the private stream.


The answer for this question was B, “His feelings of discomfort”. As I continued to read more closely to the passage I saw that as Nathan advanced more into the stream the more uneasy he became to the thought of the exploration such as, “He was disturbed by the aching weirdness of what he was doing” and responded “After five minutes Nathan mumbled”.


In the line, “Sofia didn’t look up to acknowledge Nathan as he walked away” it exemplified how Sofia was easy going unlike Nathan when exploring. Since it is not directly stated that she was returning to the stream the reader is not able to assume “She knows exactly where she is going”. So, instead it seemed that Sofia was comfortable in exploring and in nature or that familiar of an environment. 
 

B is the correct answer because the narrator is a third person limited since it tells the thoughts of Corandin. For Coradin he believes that what separates him from the real world and adults and his cousin is his imagination. Through Coradin’s point-of-view we can tell that he tries to seclude himself from Mrs. De Ropp because she doesn’t care to know what Coradin thinks. In his eyes, she seems to believe that the boy is immature and “doesn’t appreciate Conradin’s creative spirit” and “from the realm of his imagination she was locked out” 

The correct answer is B because the beginning of the passage was talking about Conradin and Mrs. De Ropp and how they juxtaposed each other. For Conradin going to the shed and paying a small sum of money shows his independence and getting what he wants without De Ropp finding out. For him it was an act of rebellion and it represented the freedom and independence that he had away from his guardian 

The correct answer is C because the opening of the play shows a man who is mysterious yet tells the plot of the story without trying to trick the audience. As he states he has “a poet’s weakness for symbols” and doesn’t try to directly tell the audience information about the plot but through metaphors, hyperboles, motifs and more. So the narrator is not condescending to the audience and believes the audience will understand his story, but words it carefully so as to not give the “truth” away.

The correct answer is C because after introducing the gentleman caller he is known to be the symbol of a “long-delayed but always expected something that we live for”. This quote means an object or event that people wait to fulfill themselves their whole lifetime and still hope for it all their lives. This is the waiting and fulfillment that the narrator was referring to.

The correct answer is E because the gentleman caller is “from a world of reality that we were somehow set apart from” and Mazatlan was “on the Pacific coast of Mexico” as far away places or people that aren't part of the world the narrator is in. The postcard from Mazatlan was from the narrator's dad who escaped from their family and the gentleman caller was a temporary character, both of which represent escaping from the world they didn’t like. 

All I can hear is heavy breathing surrounding me, running spikes clashing against the asphalt, and my rugged breathing as I weave through a crowd of familiar colors. Pass the racer on your right, drive your legs through the sand, be careful of tripping on rocks. Simple thoughts that have been with me weekly for the past 3 years. As my breath starts to steady, inhaling and exhaling with cadence, I see a figure drop. As I approach the brown jersey I notice it’s my teammate, she has fainted and a stream of thoughts come flowing in my head. What should I do? Do I stay and wait for an official to come? Have another teammate wait while I retrieve my coach? Or do I keep running? Someone will see her eventually, right? As I saw my friend, who I saw six out of the seven days of the week, I was faced with a decision that was under a time restraint. To stay or to leave. This meant either to give up my chance to personal best and place as a first league champion or not help a friend in need and live with the guilt knowing what I could have done. The latter half of my dilemma was definite. As I stopped to check if she was breathing, four other girls with brown jerseys also followed. First, I shouted to get an official, if there were no coaches around to relay the message I could sprint the half mile back to retrieve one. Second, I checked to see if she was breathing, seeing if there was a noticeable rise and fall of the chest. Third, after about 30 seconds of unconsciousness I saw the opening of eyes. Not having experience in these types of situations, I did what I would want to happen in that position. I was never too close with Austin, but in that moment I made sure all I could do was assure her that she was okay, taking her hand to give stability and looking her in the eyes hoping that she would understand that the team was there for her. All within a span of one minute a race official came to take over and he told us to continue on our race. Going back into the cadence I started developing in the beginning of the race, I finished with a personal record. Yet, I felt frustrated. Mad at myself, my teammate, and at the world. Am I that selfish to have even thought about continuing? Why did this have to happen to me? Tear droplets started to form in my eyes, and when they started flowing my cross country coach went up to me. I explained that for my senior year I wanted a substantial personal record and even though I did, I knew it wasn’t an accurate time since I didn’t know how long I stopped for and if I could have gone faster and if I didn’t have that moment stuck in my head the entire race. The what if’s blurred my mind of the real lessons I learned that day. The biggest one that had an impact on me was that although I was justified to self-pity and feel frustrated, it is better to know that I am capable of doing well, and the next time I race I can come back even stronger. Preparation and confidence were essential. The following lesson my coach told me was “you cannot change the past”, no amount of tears could bring back my choice. And what I had already learned in my time on the cross country team, but solidified my belief in it, was the power of community. I knew that a teammate needed support and I was there to help.

Throughout my childhood my dad made me write in a pink spiral notebook whenever we went on vacation, celebrated a holiday, or even in my day-to-day life. As a rebellious preteen I would only note enough to satisfy him, but never saw the real reason in writing in it. However it turned out I was wrong, and those words only came to fruition when I was cleaning the junk drawer in the office room a few years later and found my writing all the way back from elementary and middle school. Reading how I felt visiting my great Aunt’s new house or how my sixth grade best friend spilled penne vodka all over my new Converse lead up to this revelation: that there is value in remembering the past.  When I got to high school, I joined Cross Country and met new friends and needed a way to cherish the good moments while I was in them. I started my documenting journey with YouTube videos; compiling clips of banter between teammates or sprints to the finish lines, I was able to encapsulate the beginning of my running journey. I went on to record “Friendsgiving” dinners to recapping an entire year of events, making sure to get everything in between. Videos were useful tools in my documenting journey because I could visually and audibly capture the small interactions between friends during freshman year. Seeing how relationships changed, who we still spoke with or who we didn’t speak to at all anymore, gave a sense of nostalgia when looking back. This catalyst to my appreciation of the past led to pieces of paper, but it wasn’t the usual college ruled notebook I started on. 

Usually when the cashier asks if I would like a receipt my decisions are arbitrary, deciding on whether or not I’m willing to stuff a piece of paper in my bag for the rest of the day. However, after seeing the pile of scrap receipts I had in my nightstand back at home, I knew that behind every crumpled piece of paper was a memory connected to it. From then on I began to write on receipts I obtained while going out. Quick trips to 7-Eleven at 2am, buying New Yorker posters at the Guggenheim, and eating chocolate croissants from my favorite bakery all resulted in snapshots of my life that I could tangibly return to. We take for granted the power journaling has when videos and pictures are at the tip of your fingers, but being able to physically recall a memory to jot down helps solidify the moment especially when it includes the thoughts, descriptions, and feelings of that day. Between all my documentation hobbies such as video recording, journaling, photography, podcasting, creating Spotify playlists and social media, I’ve found receipts to be the most valuable. I view them as a starting point of who I currently am, and as I experience, spend, and write more, I can see how far I’ve come. As it is human nature to evolve and change as time goes on, it is reassuring to know that I have this growth documented. Receipts didn’t require a tutor to learn from or books to read up on to improve, it was all based on how I changed as a person. 
So, as seasons pass and I face more challenges, there is a receipt to document every part of this journey. And as fall of next year occurs, every purchase I make will represent my first true experience of independence. 

Opening 
Short sentence: yes, print the receipt i hoard memories 
Active tense/tone 
Understand more about present self by looking back at old self 
Specific receipt 
7/11 after prom 
In order to know who I am now, I need to know who I was in the past 
Snapshots of my life 
Desk drawers filled with 3 year old receipts, unused sandwich bags, journals, letters, and an open mint chocolate Kit Kat wrapper? On the surface it seems that the black desk table situated in the corner of my bedroom is just another collection of clutter that doesn’t have a place in the vast expanse of these four walls, but it is the complete opposite of that, well at least for me. 
When COVID-19 came and school was shut down, spring of my sophomore year, I returned back to old hobbies, one of which was journaling. Out of watercoloring, crocheting, running, and fantasizing what life would have been like without lockdown, journaling helped me clarify my emotions and thoughts. Taking the time to jot down the goals for the day set a definite direction of what I needed to accomplish. Logging my show marathons of Avatar the Last Airbender or my facetimes with friends made me thankful for the resources I had during quarantine before everything semi-opened back up. 
The rectangular sheets of paper and cheap ink, although miniscule, are my documentation of my time here on earth. In the vast expanse of the universe, the human race, especially my life, is a blink in the entire spectrum of time. Although I’m not immortal these receipts solidify my existence, my experiences, and my growth. I can see who I’ve become in a series of notes. 
I write on everything. Whether it’s on sticky notes, college ruled notebook, used ice cream covers, tissues, or even my arm. I write on, in essence, every surface that is allowed to be written on. 
I mean how could I not remember what it was like to be 11? It's pretty simple to remember who you were as a person because you’ve lived that life. 


M-O-Y are just three letters that make up my identity. In Cantonese, Mui Mui (姐姐) means little sister or girl, but to me it represents who I am and the person I’ve grown up to be. My parents, brother, and other close relatives call me “Moy'' as a term of affection and endearment. When I changed the official phonetic spelling of Mui to Moy, it showed my Chinese culture being intertwined with my American childhood; I was still called the same nickname, but with a different spelling. This nickname was so ingrained in my mind to the extent where when I was four, I didn’t even know what my birth name was. Then, as I entered pre-school I used my American name. When I was eight, my brother came up to me and told me my grandpa had come to pick us up; it was in front of my classmates. I don’t know why but I felt singled out and even embarrassed when he said “Moy”, maybe because it was the long stares I was given or the confused looks on everyone's face. This was one of the first instances of growing up that I was faced with a feeling of shame to show some part of my Chinese side. 
When I was twelve, my friends called me Moy after hearing my parents say it a few days before. Although I knew it was meant in good humor, it felt weird to hear a name that is commonly used at home be said out of the mouths of friends who spoke it with laughter. That moment in my life was when I felt the most exposed in who I was. On the weekends, I enjoyed bubble tea, egg tarts, shrimp dumplings, and other Asian cuisines, but when it came to school, I avoided as much as possible to bring any lunches my mom prepared. However, as I have become more self-aware and confident in my own skin, I am able to embrace these foods I was once embarrassed of. 
If I had to pick a dish to represent who I am, it would be pork dumplings. Every once in a while on the weekend, my family goes to Chinatown to buy groceries for my grandparents and dinner for the following week. When it comes around January to February, my mom and I will make dumplings for Chinese New Year; these pockets of meat and dough represent the fortune to come in the upcoming year. My mom prepares the pork by adding soy sauce, sesame oil, scallion, ginger, and a variety of other seasonings, and while she does that, I then lay out the dumpling skins on a metal pan. After refrigerating the meat, we use ice cream scoopers to place the balls of filling into the middle of the dumpling skins, and then carefully fold each one, sealing it with water. This process brings me closer to my heritage and my mom as I begin to appreciate the steps it takes to create this meal. 
Similarly to the way this dish connected me to my heritage, the meaning of Moy gradually grew on me. I am finally able to be confident in my skin. For example, my brother’s friends call me Moy, but now it feels endearing and comforting, like how it was as a child. This confidence that my culture gives me is now present in how I approach life, being able to stand for what I believe in and appreciating what I’m given, even if it may not satisfy me at the moment. To me, Moy is now not just a Chinese word, but it’s a word I’ve been able to make into my own.


In Cantonese, 姐姐 means little sister or girl. My family has adopted the traditional phonetic spelling of  “Mui Mui” and changed its written value as “Moy Moy”. My mom, dad, brother, and other direct family all call me by this name, but throughout the years it has taken on new meanings making it more of a nickname to me rather than a traditional title used in Chinese culture. The slight change in phonetic spelling from “Mui” to “Moy” shows the Western influences of punctuation and language.
However, in that same year going into 8th grade I attended a one week Chinese culture sleepaway camp, there I saw people who grew up in the same circumstances as I did, relating to the snide remarks we were told or the awkward 
By then I had been going to Chinese school every Saturday morning for the past 7 years; I participated in cultural performances such as ribbon, fan, and lion dance. I spent almost my whole Saturday dedicated to learning about my ethnicity and yet none of my school friends knew about it. When it came to everyday classes at my Middle School, I felt normal, yet there were always slight instances where I was singled out for my race. It wasn’t out of genuine hate, but more stereotypical comments, and as it was my formative years I spent that time not trying to be unique because of my race. I strove to fit beauty standards that were unrealistic and conformed to the community around me. 
There had been moments by that age where I would receive the occasional racist comment of eating dogs or slanting their eyes, but not within my close group of friends so I never took it to heart. 
The moments that lead me here to apply to Babson College, are the moments that created who I am. Curiosity, community, and leadership are the most important lessons that have shaped my personality. 
What initiated my curiosity was the unknown. To me it was film, art, running, and most importantly business and these all resulted in participating in clubs that aligned with what I wanted to know more about. 
Eventually I started to join different communities. For business it was DECA, a regional and state competition where I learned valuable life lessons in customer relations and made new friends. And for running, I participated in cross country and track and field. There I created youtube videos to encapsulate the camaraderie I felt with the team. These were my steps to appreciating having a solid community.
I then took these clubs I was in and held leadership positions such as president for business and investment club, founder of the first film club, and historian for track and cross country. All these positions I had were because of the initiative I took to make it happen. 
I heard of Babson through my super cool cousin Zarvon. To me a college can say a lot about a person, and for him I knew that his school had to be super cool as well. As I looked into Babson College I saw the 100+ clubs and diversified class profile and knew that this represented curiosity, community, and leadership. Hopefully Babson can become my new home and teach me how to be an entrepreneurial leader

The January Enrollment opportunity will give me the chance to focus on projects that I've been interested in doing without the pressure of high school or college work overlapping. With this time off I would join volunteering projects that aim to help to improve either racial justice or environmental issues. Along with volunteering I've had interest in either helping out with local small businesses or even starting my own, selling goods. The January Enrollment also allows more time for me to get acquainted with course material at a more leisurely pace and yet still being introduced to new topics without being overwhelmed. In the past I've only had time to do activities that I enjoy and complete schoolwork, but with this time off I hope to give back to my community. However, being enrolled in the Fall semester won't be an issue since I will still continue to use Babson's resources to volunteer. The only difference is that I will have schoolwork to focus on as well.
Bentley University would be a place where I would be able to grow and learn as a student, not only in academics but as a person. With the school being centered around business programs, I am able to expand my knowledge into any career field but especially somewhere in the sciences. In other universities it is hard to be able to merge two separate types of majors into one but for the Integrated Double Major program I am able to do exactly that. For this program it offers an Earth, Environment, and Global Sustainability major which teaches about economic and societal sustainability and how to apply them to the corporate business world. Then being able to pair my major with a business topic will allow me to pursue both areas of study that I’m interested in. Since Bentley is a business oriented school I am confident in knowing that my two majors will be interchangeable, where unlike other schools it is difficult to merge a science degree with a business degree. 

When encountering a sexist remark at school, I never knew how to respond. If I spoke up I felt as if the people around me, even women, would think I'm overreacting. However, if I did not, I would go against my moral compass and regret not being able to stand up for myself. 
Being integrated in a gender-conscious university comforts me in knowing the school is aware of the challenges I may face as a woman in business, but it also makes me aware of how I can deal with them when entering a career field that is majority male. For the Woman Leadership Program, I am interested in the workshops and mentor circles it provides so that I can learn what it's like to be a woman in business. And later on, being able to go on corporate visits will fully immerse myself in the settings that the WLP teaches me about. The tactics to protect myself and skills to work with men will be instilled in my mind and how I present myself in a work setting. 
Not only can this program help close the gap between females and males in the work setting, but it will also give me leadership skills needed to thrive in any setting. I believe the Women Leadership Program will help boost my confidence. By knowing the impact diversity can have on a work setting and the effects of working in a healthy environment, I can apply these tactics to when I become a leader. 


What have you learned through your prior involvements (including family responsibilities, part-time jobs, sports, clubs and conferences) that you would hope to further develop in WLP?
In cross country I participated in sports psychology, this was an eight week program where I was able to learn about mental wellness in an athletic setting. For an hour every Thursday night my team members and I would learn about motivators, how mindset impacts performance, visualization, and more, but the topic that stood out to me the most was self-awareness. 
Self-awareness is being conscious about your actions and feelings and how they affect yourself and others. Sports psychology introduced me to the importance of mental health and how it can impact my running performance. I learned to view the positives, be thankful for where I am, and how to set a positive setting for all the underclassmen. In the Women Leadership Program I hope to apply those same ideals when approaching problems that may arise in my career. This program will improve my self-awareness in a workplace setting and learn how to create a positive experience for other women that may feel suppressed in a work environment. I hope for the WLP to make me aware of the impact of gender consciousness and how to help my colleagues and peers by creating a support system. 
Another skill I learned in my high school career was my communication and public speaking skills. In DECA, a business roleplay competition I attended, put me in new and, at times, intimidating situations. I had to improvise and quickly formulate plans to present to the judge. These fake business scenarios I was given helped me to think on my feet. 
I hope that the Women Leadership Program will not also help my self-awareness in a gender conscious environment, but also help my presentation skills. With the final 15 minute presentation at the end of the WLP I can work on my public speaking skills, as well as research. Also for the mentor circles, corporate visits, and conversing with other members in the WLP, I hope to be able to meet new people and work on my communication skills.

As the bright morning sun hits my face and I traverse the black expanse of my driveway, every action that requires the use of energy feels heavy. I open up the red car doors, with paint chipped at the edges and am hit with a fresh cherry scent mixed with a dusty car smell. To others it may seem unappealing, but to me it’s the first taste of relaxing familiarity I have at 7a.m. I toss my gray track bag into the back of the car and tie my laces as she continues on the road. With her brother in the back of the car, and my running sneakers as well, Sherry is my go-to conversation partner. 
Car rides to school were either filled with a mutual silence or a welcoming banter, such as whether or not we thought the film Lady Bird encapsulated the feelings and experiences we felt as teenage girls. Or if Coldplay or Harry Styles fit the mood of that morning’s ride, there was always a secondary meaning to these conversations. Between the busy school day and even busier extracurriculars, it was our time to bond. Although it can feel like small talk that leads to nowhere, those places to pour my random thoughts felt satisfying and almost therapeutic. In the past I’ve always valued deep conversations more, but over time I saw that simple questions can show just as much about a person.
By observing and focusing enough I noticed that Sherry carefully chose what words to say to convey her opinions, making sure to be effective in communication. And constratingly I speak when I’m thinking, sorting my thoughts in between the words. It helps me see my ideas clearer as they are being put into the cherry scented void. Ultimately I found a tertiary meaning: To take the smaller details into consideration. I take this lesson into the classroom now, sitting back and listening rather than being in the middle of the commotion. By doing this I am able to build a defensible argument during discussions and gather important details during lessons. I also plan to bring this to Boston College exploring new ways to look at religion, learning, and life. Finding my niche in the personalized curriculum that’s meant to navigate who I am. 
 
As the bright morning sun hits my face and I traverse the black expanse of my driveway, every action that requires the use of energy feels heavy. I open up the red car doors, with paint chipped at the edges and am hit with a fresh cherry scent mixed with a dusty car smell. To others it may seem unappealing, but to me it’s the first taste of relaxing familiarity I have at 7a.m. I toss my gray track bag into the back of the car and tie my laces as she continues on the road. With her brother in the back of the car, and my running sneakers as well, Sherry is my go-to conversation partner. 
Topics of what we did over the weekend, the latest music released, or even the best bubble tea spot, it’s the smallest discussions that have the biggest impact on my days. Car rides to school were either filled with a mutual silence or a welcoming banter. For Sherry it was whether or not we thought the film Lady Bird encapsulated the feelings we felt as teenage girls ourselves. Or if Coldplay or Harry Styles fit the mood of that morning’s ride. Although it can feel like small talk that leads to nowhere, those places to pour my random thoughts felt satisfying and almost therapeutic. 
 Similar to a book, there is always a secondary meaning behind every conversation. For us, with subtle acknowledgement we knew that it was our time to bond. Between the busy school day and even busier extracurriculars, we take for granted the lighter conversations we have. In the past I’ve always valued deep conversations more, but over time, if I observed and focused enough, I saw that simple questions were just as good, as it can show just as much about a person.
For Sherry I saw that she carefully chose what words to say, to convey her opinions, making sure to be effective in communication. And for me, I saw that I speak as I think, sorting my thoughts in between the words. I take this skill into the classroom now, sitting back and observing rather than being in the middle of the commotion. And ultimately I found a tertiary meaning: To take the smaller details into consideration.
What excites me most about Boston University are the people. It’s the attitude of the students and staff that are vital in creating an environment to learn. As I toured the Boston University campus, I realized what made me feel energized and eager to learn was the atmosphere of the bustling students around me. I vividly remember standing in the middle of the lobby of George Sherman Union with my family, streamers and banners hanging, and tables full of clubs. That’s when I knew I wanted to be here. Cliche as it is, I know that I’ve been raised in a bubble and I hope that Boston University gives me the opportunity to meet students from all over. 
More specifically however, in Questrom school of business I am exposed to people from all different backgrounds and personalities, especially with its 48% female population. Through all the diversity, I do also hope to find a unified community. Not through race or social class, but through expertise and ways of thinking. When I think of Questrom I think of articulate, sharp, and proactive students who are led by an impressive and wise staff, all of whom aren’t afraid to take on challenges. That’s why the people are what make this place special; as it encourages me to strive for more than doing well, but by making a difference. And it’s an added plus that the campus keeps sustainability in mind, prioritizes diversity, and has an ever-changing curriculum to fit the current society. 

I love elephants. They have been my favorite animal as a kid, and still are today. So, when I heard of Tufts and Jumbo the Elephant, I had to look into it. Tufts’ faculty and students encapsulate what it means to be just like their mascot: empathetic, intelligent, and compassionate. And, they like to have fun! Although academically focused, this school also gives their students a chance to have free-time outside of the classroom, not being too burdened by coursework. Tufts aligns with my learning philosophy of growth mindset. Challenging yourself, learning from your mistakes, seeing failure in a positive light all apply to Tufts encouragement of these topics. So now I can finally become an elephant. Not physically of course, but rather that this university can teach me how to be an empathetic, intelligent, and compassionate learner as well. 
Growing up in a predominantly white school has given me a glimpse of what it’s like to be singled out for your differences, but it was when the Black Lives Matter movement regained momentum again after the tragic death of George Floyd, that I received my first taste of what it looked like to be suppressed. When I was little I feared being mocked about my roots, but then I saw that there were countless minorities that lived in fear of simply existing. This was where I learned sympathy, and although it was a good start, I knew I had more to learn
As COVID-19 hit, it was my first personal experience of being afraid of going out in public. Through the Asian hate crimes happening in New York City, 20 minutes away from home, and even experiencing judgemental stares at the supermarket, was when I gained empathy and truly understood the fear that minorities have lived with their whole lives. After I saw my community being attacked, I attended Asian Hate protests and advocated through my social media pages to see what I could do. 
To me, I am just at the start of fighting racial injustice, but at home I believe I am not able to use the voice I have to speak out about other communities. That’s why at Tufts I hope to deeply be involved in racial and social injustice awareness, as I feel supported and free in what I believe.
Going every Sunday morning to Chinatown to buy groceries with my grandparents to thrifting near Washington Square Park with my friends, I learned the basics of becoming a New Yorker. By observing my surroundings I was able to navigate the subway lines and pace my strides with other pedestrians, making sure to always stay on the right side of the sidewalk. So, by studying in New York City I’ll be able to take my knowledge and build it further, maybe even becoming an expert from downtown to midtown to all around. 
This closely reflects my goals to study at New York University as just knowing the basics of investing in the stock market or making a simple balance sheet are not sufficient enough to achieve my goals; I need to expand this knowledge. For the BS in Business, Technology, and Entrepreneurship major, I am able to do just that. To me, a business major isn’t made up of just accounting or finance, but it’s a combination of different skills that all eventually end up intertwining. That’s why being a BTE student will help me thrive in a business setting because when it comes to my experience and education, I won’t just have learned business fundamentals but I’ll also have a liberal arts and STEM related background, giving me an edge on my competitors. Going along with having multiple majors and minors available to me, NYU allows current Stern students to pursue a dual degree, one of which is the BS in Business/BFA in Film and Television. This allows me to explore my numerous interests and my passions for the business world and the entertainment industry, letting my experience I’ve received in high school, with my film club, translate to real world career opportunities.
Besides the BS in BTE major, climate change and sustainability are social issues that resonate with me, so NYU’s Climate Change Initiative and Office of Sustainability are important to me as the university’s goals for a cleaner and greener lifestyle give me comfort in knowing that the school is striving to reduce their carbon footprint and spread awareness about this topic. At NYU I intend to attend conferences that are held through the Climate Change Initiative and join sustainability clubs in order to make myself aware of the current climate and further my knowledge about the environment, even if it may not pertain to my major.  

For example, the NYU Office of Global Inclusion helps to strengthen policies for minorities and provide leadership and that can be seen in the diversity make up of each class. Seeing the care New York University shows for its students, by giving them the right resources to succeed, comforts me in knowing that the school is there for its students academically and overall. 

By studying here I am confident that I’ll be able to meet individuals with the same work ethic and goals but with different backgrounds, learning outside of the bubble I was brought up in.
When walking on the campus I felt the vibrance surrounding me, and eventually I noticed it was the people who made it that way. Walking through bustling crowds it was the innovative students, welcoming staff, and captivating presentation speakers that made me feel motivated to pursue a higher education here. 
My favorite thing from the Wellesley 100 is “The limitlessness of educational options” and it’s because of the opportunities I’m given to explore different learning styles across different schools. From Olin, a small school of just 310 people, and MIT, a larger school of just over 4,000, Wellesley will open my eyes to the vast spectrum of curriculums, more specifically my favorite, gathering different ideas for one common goal. I’m also interested in the cross-registration of different schools, as I know I’ll meet numerous other professors and students, that will eventually help me thrive in Wellesley’s academic setting. This would be an added bonus in my academic career as I will have taken courses from 2 or more amazing schools, and meeting students that can share their knowledge with me. Although I am unsure if I will be doing a dual-degree program, it makes me feel secure in knowing that I have the decision to be able to cross-register with different Boston schools. 
And, not as academically focused, but another favorite of the Wellesley 100 is the ability to become a part-time botanista! As an amateur plant enthusiast, I feel like taking part in the Wellesley College Botanic Gardens will up my experience in plant knowledge and collecting. Back at home I’ve only dipped my feet in succulents, but at this school I hope to widen this experience and be able to apply it to my major. What intrigues me the most about plants is that they can only thrive under close observation and care; I hope to take these skills into the classroom when carrying out research and just learning in general. Learning more about plants, teaches me more about science and life, understanding the chemistry and biology behind raising plants in certain conditions, and learning the patience it takes to care for a plant. As of now, I don’t have the time or resources to do this, but by joining student groups dedicated to just planting and farming, I will definitely be joining these clubs. 

I applied to Northwestern University on a bet. Two years ago my friend Matt was rejected from this school, and insensitively I mocked him. He replied with, “I bet you $20 you don’t make it in, and if you do, I’ll pay you $100” and being a senseless proposition, I agreed. 
As college applications approach and the impending $20 most likely due, I still decided to give this school a try and look into it. That’s why I chose the Radio/TV/Film Major because as I looked into Northwestern’s programs I saw how unique it was compared to other film programs. I saw how much culture was infused with the curriculum, and not because it’s a major centered around pop culture, but how it goes in depth with everything revolving around film, television, and radio. I also liked the interdisciplinary taught with this major; I am not just being set up as a communications major but also am versatile in other fields. 
Although for other schools I’m planning on going as a business major, choosing film as my major for Northwestern is my other bet, but with myself. As a child I loved movies, especially the cliche rom-coms like 10 Things I Hate About You. That’s why I started a film club at school, to find a way to express my love for the art. Whether it be set design, screenwriting, or cinematography, it has been a part of my life no matter how old I get; it’s a return to my childhood, where imagination runs wild. This gamble is to prove that dreams can come to a reality. An opportunity to apply, and even study, at a top school in the world with a curriculum that teaches film history to media analysis, doesn’t come around often. 

 For most of my other schools I am applying as a business student, but my choice for applying as a Radio/TV/Film major is only because  I take this application as a reach into the void, a representation of a dream that’s in a distant world. 
